qc: add page (#12087)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/qc.md

# qc

> > CLI snippet manager to execute command snippets stored in notes in QOwnNotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> CLI snippet manager to execute command snippets stored in notes in QOwnNotes.
> See also: `qownnotes`.
```
What do you think of suggesting the page I've added?

Author: Hah, sure! I just now realized qownnotes has an entry 😄 thank you

> More information: <https://www.qownnotes.org/getting-started/command-line-snippet-manager.html>.

- Configure the snippet manager, e.g. to set the security token from QOwnNotes:

`qc configure`

> - Search for snippets stored in your `Commands.md`:

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can update this description to match with your docs?

```suggestion
- Search and print command snippets:
```

Alternatively, we could reword it to:

```suggestion
- Search and print command snippets stored in the `Commands.md` file:
```

We generally avoid using terms like "your", etc in the descriptions. Feel free to reword my suggestions.

Reviewer 2: Is the filename `Commands.md` hard coded? Or does it allow specifying different file names too? In that case, can you update the example for the same?

Author: `Commands.md` is just the default. The user can change that.

# qc

> > CLI snippet manager to execute command snippets stored in notes in QOwnNotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Manage and execute command snippets stored in QOwnNotes notes.
```
What do you think of simplifying the description a littpe bit?

Author: LGTM, thank you!
